add triangles workshop for JS1 week 3 (#112)
CodeYourFuture/CYF-Workshops: triangles/readme.md

## Learning objectives

```objectives
- [ ] Formulate acceptance criteria from a problem statement
- [ ] Create assertions to check different test cases
- [ ] Implement functionality using assertions
- [ ] Interpret documentation on JavaScript logical operators
```

## 🧰 Setup

In this workshop, you'll need to:
1. Split up into groups of 4

## Context

To begin, you'll need some context.

Use this page 👉 https://www.mathsisfun.com/triangle.html to get the names of different triangles depending on their three side lengths.

> _There should be 3 different names - ensure you understand what these names mean._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_There should be 3 different names. Check with each other that you all understand what these names mean._
```

## Problem statement

In this workshop, you'll need to implement a function that takes **the three side lengths of a triangle** and returns a string indicating whether it is **`"equilateral"`**, **`"isoceles"`** or **`"scalene"`**

## Acceptance criteria

 

> Firstly, you'll need to name the function based off the problem statement. The name should be semantic. It should convey what the function does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, name the function according to the problem statement. The name should be semantic. It should convey what the function does.
```

> Then you'll need to set out acceptance criteria for your function in the form shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then set out acceptance criteria for your function in the format shown below:
```
